CCMEO Dissemination Tool Kit (CDTK) Documentation
=================================================

Description and usage
---------------------

The Canada Centre for Mapping and Earth Observation (CCMEO)
Dissemination Tool Kit (CDTK) allows users to instantiate geospatial
services in a controlled data repository. Standardization of the
repository structure and its access mechanism ensures the integrity of
the data and services published in the CDTK. QGIS Server, pyQGIS and
PostgreSQL database deployed in a cloud environment form the
infrastructure behind the CDTK. The cluster also incorporates a shared
storage, an FTP server, a database, and many other components needed by
the system to perform its tasks.

Purpose
-------

The purpose of this document is to describe the input information
required to make the CDTK services work properly. It explains how to
create the different input packages used by its users to launch the CDTK
services. It is intended for use by anyone who has the rights to submit
data and web services to the CDTK with the possibility for its clients
who have less expertise in creating geospatial services to be able to
publish geospatial data on its own.

.. _help:

Help resources
--------------

Support is provided by GeoDiscovery’s Data Dissemination Team. To be
able to use the CDTK, the user must be added to the CDTK registry. The
support is provided to all federal public servants, with a priority to
the CCMEO users. Please reach us
at `geodiscoverydatadissemination-diffusiondesdonneesgeodecouverte@nrcan-rncan.gc.ca <mailto:geodiscoverydatadissemination-diffusiondesdonneesgeodecouverte%40nrcan-rncan.gc.ca>`__ for
support.

Contents
--------

.. toctree::

	overview
	
	data
	
	submit
	
	use
